trol arrow
hey boss pull over up there counselor
Eddie we had a deal you pay me I'll go
with a public defender mother fire grant
ten aren't you gonna count it just did
hard time then why can't you get a real
office what's more fun my office or your
mom's got her yeah please did one thing
right huh we did a couple hey me I got
something really big thing what's the
name Louis Louis Roulet Louis Roulet
this whole thing is a setup I made a
mistake with that woman and she was
setting the horse down I need a hundred
grand up front I'm working on 550 an
hour take it none of that's problem Oh
actually got lucky charges against my
son are ridiculous so is that woman
Regina Campo part-time actress part-time
office temp and hoping to retire after
suing my client according to the victim
she was at home alone on the
that forced her down you didn't strike
miss Campo with your left fist no right
in the kill though I am NOT that guy
make this kid feels wrong to me are you
sure there's not any
but you're not telling me
nothing got it there were others other
girls he healed my injuries to the right
side of their face it's all too similar
your daughter Hayley she's got soccer
practice tomorrow
right you think you're the first guy
never threatened me or my family
you